Asking questions workshop tweaks (#162)
CodeYourFuture/CYF-Workshops: asking-questions/readme.md

## Expectation vs reality

> When we are surprised by an outcome it usually means we had a mental model of the world that didn't predict the world accurately. Don't panic when this happens, it's completely expected for even experienced developers to run into surprises. We use these gaps as signs that we need to _update_ our mental models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we are surprised by an outcome it usually means we had a mental model of the world that didn't predict reality accurately. Don't panic when this happens. It's completely expected for developers to run into surprises. We use these gaps as signs that we need to _update_ our mental models.
```
